---
title: Datacenter infrastructure lead (CTO deputy)
organization: GDC (Fujitsu GDC)
organizationUrl: https://www.fujitsu.com/global/ 
location: Kazan, Russia
start: 2014-07-01
end: 2018-02-01
---

***Technologies***

Azure cloud IaaS, Fujitsu compute, Extreme  Networks (Brocade) and Cisco networking, Fujitsu and Netapp storage, VMware vSphere virtualization, Netbackup/Commvault data protection, Windows/Linux OS etc, HA clustering, Disaster Recovery solutions.

***Description***

Strong infrastructure systems architecture competencies being constantly developed for cloud solutions (Azure), multi-petabyte storage environments, heterogeneous backup & recovery, compliance and archiving, compute and storage virtualization, networking and network virtualization.

Took part in IT infrastructure due diligence, solution architecture development, transition and transformation projects/programs.
Leading technical teams’ activities in accordance with project management methodology and quality/costs/timelines agreed.
Regularly in contact with C-level stakeholders and third party suppliers.

CTO team member (CTO deputy).

Developing, implementing and consulting on infrastructure solutions, ensuring all functional and non-functional (e.g. availability, scalability, security and compliance, data protection (RPO, RTO) etc) requirements are captured, realized in solution and proved to be in accordance with specifications. Capturing constraints, risks, assumptions, issues and dependencies (RAID) and maintaining RAID log throughout the solution delivery.

IT roadmap development.

Leading infrastructure optimizations to cut costs.

Technical and risk estimation input to proposals, defining the approach for solution development and acceptance testing.

Provide technical leadership, coordination and advice on complex problem troubleshooting and resolution.

Notable achievements:

•	Infrastructure tower lead for 2 contract renewals (new solution designs, migration leadership etc);

•	Disaster Recovery Plan development from scratch (and contributing to overall Business Continuity Plan), lead technical coordination during several successful DR tests;

•	Datacenter cost optimization (15%);

•	Software licensing optimizations (30%);

•	New design documentation standard alignment with standards, templates’ tailoring;

•	Migration to new right-sized storage solution (as a result old oversized (so underused) solution replaced with 3 times cheaper one (TCO) solution);

•	EOL data protection solution upgrade to new hardware with optimized configuration (~1 rack replaced with 3 blades in each datacenter);

•	Retail application cross-DC migration with particular components’ redesign (~100 OS instances);

•	Supply chain planning application infrastructure design and implementation in own DCs (20+ heavy OS instances);

•	Dozens of smaller consulting and design projects successfully accepted by customers;
